
  FOURJS_START_COPYRIGHT(U,2000)
  Property of Four Js*
  (c) Copyright Four Js 2000, 2015. All Rights Reserved.
  * Trademark of Four Js Development Tools Europe Ltd
    in the United States and elsewhere
  
  Four Js and its suppliers do not warrant or guarantee that these samples
  are accurate and suitable for your purposes. Their inclusion is purely for
  information purposes only.
  FOURJS_END_COPYRIGHT


== GDC Richtext to HTML5 migration ==

Location: $FGLDIR/demo/WebServices/richtextmigration
Contents: 
  - README.txt (instructions for use)
  - RichTextMigrationHelper.4gl (application to use)
  - MyBigRichText.html (code for testing the migration)

Introduction
================================================================================

RichTextMigrationHelper.4gl is a self-sufficient Genero program that translates
a html file generated by the Genero Desktop Client (GDC) richtext component into
a html5 file, following the W3C standard.

MyBidRichText.html is an example of html code generated by the GDC-richtext
component. You can use it to test the RichTextMigrationHelper.

Usage
================================================================================

1. Compile RichTextMigrationHelper.4gl with your own Genero installation.

2. Run the application, providing the name of the file to translate and the name
   of the file to create.

   Example:

   flgrun RichTextMigrationHelper richtextFileToMigrate.html resultingH5.html

   where:
   - richtextFileToMigrate.html is a html file containing the code generated by
     the GDC-richtext component
   - resultingH5.html is the file name where the resulting html will be saved.
     If the file does not exist yet, it will be created.

   Example 2:
   fglrun MyBigRichText.html MyH5.html


Warnings
================================================================================

The GDC richtext uses QT libraries to produce html, which results in some
particularities. For example, the same attribute may be defined several time in
a single tag. This pattern is not valid according to the W3C spectification. 
Because of that, neither the Genero Web Service's XML library or Genero Business
Development Language's OM built-in package is able to handle the html. If your 
GDC-richtext generated html code contains such a pattern, some information may
be lost during the translation process.

Choices had to be made during the helper's design and development. The
helper produces html5 code that strictly follows the W3C standard. No deprecated 
tags or patterns will appear in the resulting code. The new text-formating 
directives have also been applied. 

Notes
================================================================================

Threshold values have been set to convert GDC-richtext non-standard font size
and font weight. These values are defined by two global variables in the 
RichTextMigrationHelper application, "fontSizeGap" and "fontWeightGap". To 
change these values (and change the threshhold as a result), edit and recompile
the helper application.
